	USAGE
You are free to use and modify every plugin in here to your heart's content.
Modification: OK
Redistribution: OK
Commercial use: OK
Adult use: OK
If you use my plugins in your own project, it'd be nice if you credited me as Repeat or TheRepeat, but I won't force you to.


	WHAT ALL IS IN HERE?
There are a bunch of nice plugins included in this enhancement pack:

Terrain Details, which shows the HP recovery (or damage) of terrain. Modified from Claris's Hide 0 Avoid script.
 1. R-terrain-details.js

Detailed Unit Window, which expands on the unit window in the map view.
Check out the readme for more info.
 1. 0_unitwindow-config.js
 2. R-unitwindow-large.js
 3. R-unitwindow-med.js

Objective Window, which adds a new window to the map screen that allows you to display custom text.
Check out its readme, it is VERY important.
 1. R-map-objective-editable.js
 2. R-move-terrain.js

Warning Markers, which adds floating icons over dangerous enemies, units that can be spoken to, and supporters.
Also adds an icon to units on the unit selection screen in battle prep who have Talk events during the chapter.
 1. 0_mcmagister-unit-state-animator.js
 2. R-warn-markers.js
 3. R-warn-markers-values.js
 4. R-prep-talk-markers.js

Better No-Animation Combat, which displays attack/accuracy/critical rate even when combat animations are turned off. Comes in two sizes.
 1. R-detailed-easy-battle.js

Intuitive Seals, which hides units' stats on the combat forecast if the unit(s) in question will be sealed by the opponent's skill or weapon.
 1. R-intuitive-seal.js

Show Weapon Type, which shows either the icon or the name of a weapon's type when checking its stats.
 1. R-show-weapontype.js

Item Drop Indicators, which places an icon over enemies that have an item they will drop.
Uses McMagister's Unit State Animator.
 1. R-drops-items.js

Player Phase Animations, which adds a third choice to the Real Battle config option: show full animations only on player phase, and show map animations on other phases.
 1. R-player-only-battle.js

Unit Roster, which adds new options to the map commands that allow you to view the full rosters of player, enemy, and ally units on the field, including plenty of information about all of them and allowing you to snap your cursor to a unit by selecting them in the menu.
 1. R-unit-roster.js

Danger Skills, which shows icons for an enemy's dangerous skills in the combat forecast. See the file for more info.
 1. R-danger-skills.js

Visualize Sortie. If a unit is not selected in battle prep, their name and charchip will be grayed out in Manage Items.
 1. R-visualize-sortie.js

The plugins don't rely on each other, so you can pick and choose at your leisure, or use them all.
This collection is just to keep all of these enhancements together.

Contact me on Discord if you need help getting anything to work!


UPDATE HISTORY (not comprehensive):
2/11/2020: compiled separate plugins into enhancement pack
2/17/2020: added detailed easy battle
2/24/2020: added intuitive seals
4/21/2020: updated warning markers & detailed unit window
6/9/2020 (nice): show weapontype plugin added
6/18/2020: item drop indicator plugin added
9/27/2020: refactoring to add 'R-' prefix to all filenames to help you organize. Messes with history on GitHub, but history prior to 9/27 can be viewed in cmd/terminal with git log --follow <file>
10/12/2020: detailed unit window overhaul
1/3/2021: added prep talk markers
4/14/2021: added player phase animations
5/9/2021: added danger skills, new fnality for detailed easy battle
5/18/2021: added unit roster
6/14/2021: added visualize sortie