Keybind Display / Key Rebinding
By Repeat
Version 1.5

	ABOUT
This plugin has 2 main functions:
 1. Display the player's relevant keybinds (controls) onscreen in normal gameplay
 2. Allow the player to rebind their controls in-game without needing to consult game.ini externally


	HOW TO USE
This is very nearly plug-and-play. All you need to do is move the "Keybinds" folder, included in this plugin, into your project's Material folder. It contains several image files necessary for the plugin to function. With that done, this plugin should be fully functional.

Optional: you can tweak certain aspects of this plugin to your liking by editing 0_R-keybind-settings.js in a program like Notepad++ or Visual Studio Code.

You can also edit your own "default" controls in 0_default-keybinds.js to have an option for players to reset their choices back to your intended control scheme. If you don't change the file, the defaults match SRPG Studio's default keybinds.

In-game, players can choose which type of controls to display onscreen during battle: keyboard keys, controller buttons (specifically those of an Xbox 360 controller), or none.


	ALL OF MY ICONS AREN'T 24PX SO IT'S ALL MESSED UP! IT'S ALL OVER FOR ME!!
You'll need to override GraphicsFormat.ICON_HEIGHT and GraphicsFormat.ICON_WIDTH from constants-enumeratedtype.js, preferably by putting them in their own plugin file so it won't get overridden by an update. (If you're working with nonstandard icon sizes, you'll probably have to update these values eventually anyway.)

Example of what such a file could look like:

GraphicsFormat.ICON_HEIGHT=32;
GraphicsFormat.ICON_WIDTH=32;

(that's it, 2 lines)


	KNOWN ISSUES/MISSING FEATURES
You can view the current controller bindings in-game just like keyboard controls, but controller remapping has not yet been added. Whenever (if ever) it's ready, it will be added in a future update.

Controller button layouts vary from controller to controller. It's impossible to account for every single kind of controller, so I can only make an educated guess on what the buttons actually look like. Therefore, your mileage may vary on how accurate the displayed controller bindings are. I've personally found the default buttons to be accurate to Xbox 360 and Xbox One controllers.

Because, again, I can only really make educated guesses about controller buttons, if you assign an "unusual" button (relative to an Xbox controller) to one of the displayable commands, no image will display for that command.

(I wouldn't get my hopes too high about controller remapping being accurate. It is likely to be just as unavoidably finicky and controller-dependent. Pretty much the whole reason I've procrastinated on implementing it.)


    CLOSING
If you ever think, "man, this plugin is really cool, I bet it took Repeat multiple weeks of work to make" (great guess!), then please support my own original game, "Understanding", when it releases!

Xbox 360 button graphic is an edit of art by Jtheduelist.


	UPDATE HISTORY
9/11/2022: v1.0, initial release
9/15/2022: v1.1, moved some missing values into the editable file
12/4/2022: v1.2, fixed game crash on unbinding Select/Cancel; added rclick as a binding option for SYSTEM and SKIP
7/15/2024: v1.3, added keybind display to the title screen
9/20/2024: v1.4, improved performance when drawing key graphics
5/28/2025: v1.5, added "restore defaults" functionality